Crocodine: I refuse to
be the bait in this trap.
If only we could
warn the others.
Hyunckel: I know
how you feel.
I owe all of them my life,
but if I'm only
a burden... then...
Lady Amy: Wait! Don't go!
Lady Amy: Please stop going
so gladly to your own doom.
Mystvearn: Two days from now,
you won't be a
burden to anyone.
Why wait?! Let's do it now.
We'd rather dig our own
graves than help you!
Free us... See for yourself!
Mystvearn: Valorous,
but warriors of your caliber
are still of use to us.
Especially you, Hyunckel.
Hyunckel: [surprised breath]
Mystvearn: If you
agree to serve me,
I'll rejuvenate you
with this Dark Aura.
You're wasting your time!
I'll need a day
to think about it.
You- what?!
Mystvearn: Very well, then.
Hyunckel - how could you?!
You'd really sell your soul
to Mystvearn just to survive?!
But I thought...
I thought you were
a man of honor-
one worthy of respect...
I thought... that
you were my friend!
Here we are, in the
eleventh hour, and you...
You betray us?!
Crocodine.
If you really do
count me as a friend...
Then I need you to trust me,
no matter what.
Trust you?!
Hyunckel: I know
how it must seem...
But I have this feeling...
I can barely describe it,
but until I know
there's no option left...
I will not pass on
any chance at survival.
Farewell.
[screaming]
Where... am I?
Lady Amy: We have
to rescue them!
Flora: And we will...
But the Dark Army's
announcement is clearly a trap.
Knowing that,
we must be prepared.
This mission could very
well cost us everything.
Whatever it takes.
I'm not just gonna sit here and
let the world come to an end.
Then we'll need the Hero.
To rally our forces...
and lead us all onto
the battlefield.
Yes!
After Dai wakes up,
he could give the soldiers
a speech to boost morale.
You're right.
If people hear it from him,
they'll definitely be
willing to keep fighting.
He'll inspire them.
Merle: Yes, seeing the Hero
will give everyone hope.
Nova: You're right.
Maam: His courage
always gives us a boost.
Popp: Yeah.
Dai [thought]:
I don't believe it.
Everyone just wants me to
fight - after what we saw?
Leona: I'll go check
on him, see if he's up.
Chiu: What do
you think, Gomechan?
Pretty great, right?
The Beast King Commandos
are starting to
look like a proper army.
We're up to ten
whole members now!
[confused chirp]
Something's wrong.
I can't find Dai anywhere!
Wait - what?!
Dai [thought]:
Why does everyone
keep expecting me
to do the impossible?
[weeping]
Dai [thought]: I've
already tried everything...
I'm just not strong enough...
Sir Dai!
Soldier: Sir Hero!
Soldier: He's not here.
C'mon. Where are you, Dai?!
I didn't think...
He would run away like this.
You mustn't blame him.
He's been through too much.
Flora: He just
lost his own father.
And that sword- it was
an extension of his soul.
Leona: If that's
what's bothering him...
then why didn't he talk to us?
Flora: Because he still
doesn't entirely understand
the source of his torment.
Huh?
Dai did not run because
he's afraid to keep fighting.
What he fears is the
weight of his title...
and not knowing
if he's able to
live up to the
calling of a Hero.
But as cruel as it sounds...
If he can't overcome himself,
then he's not a true Hero.
No. You're wrong.
He is a Hero.
Popp: You startled me.
What's going on?
We don't stand a chance here.
I can't believe Dai would
actually abandon us.
Gomechan: [saddened chirp]
Wow, what a twist.
We've got "The Brave Having
a Breakdown, Part Two".
I never expected to see you
go all fragile and weepy.
That was my specialty.
Idiot. Not the time for jokes!
It'll be okay. You'll see.
Me, for example:
Danger ahead?
I was always the first
to run away, wasn't I?
But I kept coming
back. Even now.
So, just take it easy.
I know Dai is
going to turn up.
We need to have
a little faith.
I'll try.
We've got this.
I'm gonna go keep looking.
Akhim: He must've
used a Zoom spell.
It's the only thing I can
think of that explains it.
Zoom, huh?
Dai [thought]: So,
I'm in... Teran Kingdom.
Boy: Hear me,
God of Dragons...
Please, send the mighty
Hero to defeat the Dark King!
He's the only
one who can save us.
Dai [thought]: I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry...
But I can't answer
your prayers.
The Holy Mother Dragon
told me herself:
King Vearn is
stronger than a god.
Nobody can stop him
- not even me.
What should I...
What can I do?
[crying]
Popp: You know,
if you ask me...
Crying isn't
really your style.
You're here...
Let's take a walk.
Seems like a great time to
see some moonlight, huh?
Dai: Tell me... How did
you know I'd be here?
[chuckling]
Hey, now. Don't forget, buddy.
I've been with you since
the very beginning,
all the way back when we
first met on Dermline Island.
So there's no place you can go
that I haven't been before...
And remember;
Zoom spells can only take the
caster places they've been to.
Also...
Back when I was still learning
how to cast a Zoom spell...
I kept landing in a place
that was important to me.
It was the Dark Forest
where we first met Maam.
So I figured if
you flew off randomly,
then the same thing would
probably happen to you.
Anyway...
This is where you
first met your dad.
So, it seemed like a good bet.
Dai: Why aren't you mad?
Dai: I...
I ran away on you guys!
And right when we all should've
been working together!
Even though I know Hyunckel
and Crocodine still need us...
I... I abandoned the battle.
You should be yelling
at me right now.
"You call yourself
a Hero, Dai?"
"You're just a coward."
A coward? C'mon.
How could I, of all people,
judge someone for that?
When it comes to running,
I have got way
more experience
than everyone in
the party combined.
[laughing]
Dai, nobody
blames you for it.
You fought as hard
as you could have.
Baran might be gone...
And your sword, too.
But you did...
The best you could.
But my best wasn't enough!
Dai: Even with all this power,
It was nothing up
against the Dark King.
Now dad's gone...
And I let you get hurt.
You know, I used to think
that Heroes were so cool.
I... I wanted to
be one so badly.
But then I met Leona,
and started training with
you and Master Avan...
and everyone started
calling me the Hero.
I didn't want to
let you all down,
so I tried to get
as strong as I could.
But... But all my power
still wasn't enough-
not against King Vearn.
And somehow, you all still
think I can do something.
Everybody still
believes I'm a real Hero.
But the truth is, I'm not.
If you all continue to fight,
believing in me...
You're just... going
to end up like Dad...
All of you, Popp. I can't.
Okay then. I won't
try to argue.
But even if you won't,
I'm still going to fight
the Dark King again.
Dai: Huh?
Popp: You've always
been strong, Dai.
But not me.
I used to be scared
of the strong guys
and was always running.
But look at me now,
picking a fight with the God
of the Underworld himself.
Kinda crazy, right?
Yeah, but...
I know I've never been
Hero material, but still.
Making it this
far with you and Maam
and everyone we
met along the way?
That's the thing
I'm most proud of.
So, if I quit here,
then all of my training,
all that fighting I barely
had the courage for.
All of it would have amounted
to nothing in the end.
Dai, up until this moment,
you and I have fought for
the sake of everybody else.
To avenge our Master Avan...
And to protect our families
from the Dark Army...
We are going to keep
fighting for them.
But there's another reason.
It's not just for the world,
it's about who we are.
We need to fight
for ourselves.
For ourselves? Really?
Popp: You bet.
This is our fight now -
and we can win it.
Dai [thought]: This is...
This is our fight.
Popp: You're gonna have
to decide for yourself.
But I won't give up.
Popp, I...
Popp: I believe in
you because I know you.
I don't care if you're
the real Hero or not.
Don't you get it?
That's not the point.
Forget the Hero stuff.
Forget about
the Dragon Knights.
For me... Just being
Dai is enough.
Dai [thought]:
What should I do?
Why am I even asking?
There's only
one thing I can do.
[worried chatter]
Without the Hero,
we're finished.
C'mon. I thought you
said he'd be here.
Flora: Settle down.
We have a guest.
The stage is yours.
[surprised breaths]
Soldier: [cheering]
So, uh - I had
to clear my head.
Dai: I'm sorry
I worried everyone.
Listen... King Vearn
is really powerful.
The Holy Mother
Dragon told me
he might be
stronger than a god.
I can't stand
here and say that
if we fight him
we're going to win.
I'm not as strong as him...
And I don't have
a secret weapon.
But I also can't
just sit back
and watch while he
destroys our world-
otherwise,
he's already won.
And there's still one weapon
that we do have here...
The hope in our hearts.
Dai: So, if you'll
all follow my lead...
then let's keep
that hope alive.
[cheering]
Well said!
[laughing]
[cheering]
Popp: Hey...
Look who it is.
Better late than never.
[laughing]
Flora: Tomorrow at noon,
we'll move out to rescue
Hyunckel and Crocodine.
We'll be walking into a trap,
so we'll have to prepare
a surprise of our own.
In order to do that,
one of us must learn
the Great Purification
Spell, Kaglimmer.
Popp: What does it do?
It's a more powerful version
of Avan's Glimmer spell.
It can bind the
Magic Power of Darklings.
[amazed breath]
Flora: You said Vearn
Palace is surrounded by
a protective barrier?
Yeah.
It prevents us from using
Zoom spells to get in.
If the Kaglimmer
actually works,
it should take
down the barrier,
and we'll be able to Zoom in.
That's great!
Flora: But even Avan himself
couldn't master
this incantation.
But if he couldn't
cast it, then who can?
Only his fifth disciple.
Popp: Whoa, hold on!
Your Majesty...
Sorry to argue, it's just...
Avan gave each
of us an insignia.
Each of his
disciples got one...
And there's only four of them!
[amazed breaths]
Dai: They're the same.
That's an Insignia of Avan!
So... the fifth
Disciple is you?
Flora: Insignias
are made from
a precious stone
called Mysticite.
They're polished and
imbued with magic.
Only Avan's family
knew how to make them.
A skill passed down
from each generation.
And here they are.
Filled with pure holy power.
Made to repel dark energy.
They're powerful charms.
Wait a sec. That means...
So... All this time...
Flora: Yes.
These Insignias have
given you protection
through every
one of your battles.
Popp [thought]:
Incredible...
I never even considered it.
Maam [thought]: Master...
Master Avan was always...
Dai [thought]: He's been
watching over us all this time.
Popp: How about that.
I had assumed that
we made it this far
on our own strength, but...
If he hadn't given us
these Insignias, who knows?
It's possible we wouldn't
even be here without them.
Avan.
He's always been lending
us his strength...
What a hero.
Flora: Avan gave me this charm
as a way to remember him.
Later on, he came up
with the idea of giving one
to each of his students
to mark their graduation.
Princess Leona?
Uh - Yes?
For this; I request you take
my place as the fifth disciple.
Are you sure?
Of course, and I believe that
Avan would agree with me.
You very clearly have
the potential needed
to master the
Kaglimmer spell.
However, you will
have to perform
a dangerous rite to
prove yourself first.
What?! But, Leona...
Flora: Do you accept
this challenge, Princess?
Yes.
Whoa - slow down.
This is crazy!
Leona: You're not going
to change my mind, Dai.
To be honest, I've needed
this for a while...
I've always felt like
a bit of an outsider
next to the three of you,
and it's frustrating.
I should be fighting alongside
you, like Popp and Maam.
So, I accept - no matter
what the challenge is.
And once I overcome it, we'll
take on King Vearn together.
Just wait and see.
[cheering]
Very well.
Your challenge is to
brave the Cave of Trials...
A natural labyrinth,
teeming with fearsome monsters.
It's the only place you can
bind with the Kaglimmer spell.
Okay.
But...
can I really become a Disciple
of Avan like the others?
I mean, he was never
even my teacher!
Would it be helpful for me
to teach you
everything that I know?
Please, Your Majesty.
Narrator: In the days
of Lord Hadlar's reign,
the fearless Queen Flora
and her Order of Carl
defended their kingdom
from the Dark Army.
Meanwhile, a young
Hero named Avan
and his captain, Sir Roka,
faced off against
the Dark Lord himself,
and this fateful
encounter would
set the wheels of
destiny in motion.
The days of Avan's
youth will be revealed-
all on the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Avan, the Hero."